[MUSIC PLAYING]
PAUL LEWIS: Hey, I'm Paul.
SURMA: And I'm Surma.
PAUL LEWIS: Now, season three of
Supercharged is about to start.
And we thought this time we'd
do things a little differently.
We thought we'd ask you what
you're trying to get done.
Have you tried to
add a service worker?
Have you done something
with Canvas or SVG?
What is it you want to do?
How do I do x?
And we will try and help you
solve x live on the livestream.
We'll do some love
coding and whatever.
So submit your ideas
in the comments below
or to me on Twitter
as @aerotwist,
or him as @DasSurma.
And we will see you
in season three.
You done with the picture?
SURMA: Ah!
PAUL LEWIS: Yay!
SURMA: Ah.